Add structural analysis to the SepTop protocol (#1982)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/guide/protocols/septop.rst

Analysis
~~~~~~~~

As with the :ref:`RelativeHybridTopologyProtocol <userguide_relative_hybrid_topology_protocol>`,
the protocol performs both energetic and structural analysis automatically after each simulation repeat.
The energetic analysis (MBAR overlap matrix, replica exchange statistics, forward/reverse convergence)
is identical to that described in the :ref:`multistate analysis section <multistate_analysis>`.

Structural analysis
"""""""""""""""""""

The structural analysis differs from the hybrid topology protocol in two key ways:

* **Two ligands per simulation.** Since both ligands are present simultaneously throughout
  the SepTop simulation, structural metrics are computed independently for both ligand A
  and ligand B in every lambda state.

* **Symmetry-corrected RMSD.** A symmetry-corrected RMSD is used to account for equivalent
  atom orderings in symmetric molecules (e.g. a flipping phenyl
  ring) instead of a standard mass-weighted RMSD.

> The following metrics are computed per lambda state for both the complex and solvent legs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are computed per lambda state for both the complex and solvent leg production simulations only:
```

* **Ligand A and B RMSD** — symmetry-corrected RMSD relative to the first production frame.

> * **Ligand A and B COM drift** — centre-of-mass displacement from the initial position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Ligand A and B COM drift** — centre-of-mass displacement from the initial production simulation position
```
should it be from the first production positions as well?

  (complex leg only).
* **Protein 2D RMSD** — pairwise RMSD matrix between all analyzed frames (complex leg only).

> Results are saved as an NPZ file (``structural_analysis.npz``) and plots are generated

Reviewer 2: [nit] can you link to https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.savez.html in case someone doessn't know what NPZ is.

Author: Added this!
